Sister, I'm sorry.
I was too impulsive before
What you like to drink
I don't deserve it.
I said don't talk about what happened last time
Clean up the villa in the past
You can talk to Mr. Lu. Go home when you're done.
Sister, can we still do resumes like before?
Forever at home
But you have to promise me
I can't have those messy thoughts anymore, sister
I am not reconciled
Su Hui, you have disappointed me so much.
Xiaoyue, are you alright?
I shouldn't have.
Otherwise, you dare to be more shameless
Although his own sister killer
It's not because of you.
Without you
My sister and I are together
It is the thought and choice of thousands of people
No one can notify him
The end of the story is the end of the story
It's not yours.
I just want the red dust to be destroyed in your hands
Make him look down on you?
I'm a teacher now.
The humblest first is you
I gave you a chance
Let you lead the women's team
An incomplete opportunity
You do it as much as you want
Those little moves
Just for the sake of a thousand people
But you're not there
Who the hell are you guarding for?
Mr. Lu told me that you always turn a blind eye
I want to go, don't I?
Who the hell are you?
I am the eldest son of a single Wu family
Go Zongji De